Projectlog
==========

Introduction
------------
5.9.2014

Constructing three dimensional models by lasercutting shapes out of plywood and MDF. That is the idea of this project on the highest level of abstraction. I already have a version of the program working, but with the limitation that it can only handle models that are convex in their shape. This log will be more about the development process than the math and code that goes to the program.

I have started a scrum-like development strategy in order to keep myself motivated and advance the project in a sufficent speed. I have the backlist "ICE_BOX.txt" and a sprint goal list "TODO.txt". The TODO list is also divided into sections "SPRINT", "WORK IN PROGRESS", "READY FOR TESTING", and "DONE".

Refactoring
-----------
19.9.2014

I've cleaned up my code. I made the modules more independent and the dependencies between modules more easily understandable. Now i have a strict directory structure and style for my header files.

Defrosting
----------
7.11.2014

I'm now taking a new step on this frozen project. Insetting the triangles in order to build concave shapes had an unwanted side effect, namely that the connector placement would not line up in adjacent printed shapes. The reason for this is that the sides of two adjacent inset triangles are no always equal (they are equal very seldomly) in length. This can be taken into account by saving both the original corners and the inset corners. This is the scope of my next refactoring.

Presentation
------------
2.2.2016

I was at the Aalto FABLAB monthly general meeting today and did a short presentation on this project. It was nice to get feedback from other people and it got me thinking i could advance this project as I try to enable other users to use it. This is a very nice way to prioritize things and will make motivate me to develope this futher.

Undead
------
9.8.2016

This project is so cool it refuses to die. I've recently learned from programming in Python that using libraries makes your code more readable, smaller and more easily workable. Not to mention using open source libraries might attract developers and audience.

The code already kindof relies on MeshLab for the correct formatting of the ply files, so I might as well use their parsers and data structures. Maybe I'll even start writing C++14.

Showah
------
10.03.17 13:08

Jason asked for a shower box done with explision.
Unfortunately I'm all up in other projects, but I'll give it some time.

22.08.17 21:02
I actually finished this project and it turned out great!
https://www.twitter.com/_guttula/status/847867130272002050
I'm finally committing my changes to that were done for that project.
